# Smart_footstep_website
This is a website for an IoT based project called as Smart footsteps. The working of the model is represented and explained briefly in this website.

The increasing demand for sustainable and renewable energy sources has spurred the development of innovative solutions to harness energy from various natural sources. 
Footstep extraction of energy could be the most efficient means for providing electricity. The power is generated and stored in an energy harvesting system to charge the mobile phone using the pressure which is applied to the piezoelectric sensor model. This can be accomplished by employing a piezoelectric sensor, which can convert any change in temperature, pressure, or weight into electrical energy.

Our website consists of a chatbot that explains, and answers the questions regarding our project.


HERE IS A SHORT EXPLANATION OF OUR PROJECT:-

Smart footsteps aims to capture and convert thekinetic energy generated by human locomotion into usable electrical energy. Energy sources are used to create electricity, which is referred to as electricity generation. Usable electricity must be produced because it cannot be found naturally. Batteries only supply a small portion of the electric power that utilities distribute. The thermoelectric effect, piezoelectric effect, triboelectric effect, and betavoltaics are additional niche electricity generation methods. In addition, this installation will be provided with a QR code scanner, which can be surveyed to view the details about the amount of pressure, power generated based on time, and further details regarding the prototype on their phone.

To access our website, Users can scan the QR code attached along with our project model.
